Hey, why didn't you tell me you were out of the hospital?
I'm sorry, husband.
The company is in a hurry, so I forgot to tell you.
I'll send you a restaurant address
I'll treat you to something delicious later.
All right. See you later.
Xiaodao, I really want to thank you this time.
Recover those accounts for the company
Solved our company's cash flow problem
Come on, I respect you
What company is often so polite?
I'm happy today
Have a drink with me
OK, I'll drink it, but you just got out of the hospital
Try it, this is the signature dish
Yeah, it tastes pretty good.
You can come to the landlord.
Who are you, Master Hong has asked me to serve you
Ok, we got it.
Please go back and tell Master Hong
How inconvenient is the knife today?
We must pay a visit some other day
I don't know if I can give the Sun family this face
I'm afraid the Sun family won't have to face you